[monitor] README + samples _ ci.yml (#15288)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/monitor/microsoft-opentelemetry-exporter-azuremonitor/samples/traces/README.md

---
page_type: sample
languages:
  - python
products:
  - microsoft-opentelemetry-exporter-azuremonitor
---

# Microsoft Azure Monitor Opentelemetry Exporter Python Samples

> These code samples show common champion scenario operations with the azure monitor exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These code samples show common champion scenario operations with the AzureMonitorSpanExporter.
```
